1. By using man man, a manual page containing all the options of man appears. 
By searching for an option that fits the description for the question, -k
seems to fit it best after man apropos to see what it did. 

2. First by using man -k locate, I read through the description that it 
provides for the commands, and chose to try out which. After using it, I went
to the file to check if it was correct.

3. From lecture we learned how to use ? and *. I started off by using whereis
ls and whereis cd and whereis man to see where these commands were located at.
Afterwards i went to the directories and use ls ? to see the commands that
were 1 character long. By using whatis ? it gave me a short description of 
some of them. However 2 of them were missing, so i looked at ls ? -l to see
if any were symbolic links. Since i knew what it was linked to, i manned that
instead.   

4. Using man cron and then /Daylight, it jumps to the section about Daylight
Saving Time.

5. Going to the location and then using the command ls -l cc, you see at the
end cc -> gcc. Because cc is a symbolic link, gcc is actually being ran.

6. Using man chmod and searching for s, I found a sentence that ended with
(s). Because of the lecture, I already knew that g meant group. You could
search for g in the manual and find that it means group.

7. Using man find, and going to see Also, it specifies commands that are
related to find. Because of lecture i knew that locate does the same thing
as find but faster. Using man locate i confirm this.

8. Using man find again, i read through the options till i found -ctime n,
which states it finds a File lass accessed n*24 hours ago.

9. Using the command find / -ctime 3

10. Create a file using vi/vim/emacs, then use whereis find to find where
find is. cd to there and use ls -l > where your file is, to store the 
content into a file since there is too much information to see it in a
screen. Access the file and /-> to highlight all rows that contain a 
symbolic file.
 
11. Using the man ls and then searching author 

12. Using man ls and then /time i found a way to sort the files by their
time. It just happened that the earliest was on the bottom so i didn't have
to use -r to reverse the order.

13. Using man -k wh i got a list of commands that had wh in it. Looking at
each command starting with wh i found the ones that matched the description.

14. It is one the vim cheat sheet. Also by trying out vim, typing in words
and using dw you can see wht it does.

15. Using whereis locale, you can see all the files associated with locale. 
